fix(curriculum): replace self-closing with void element#55342 (#56303)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/03-front-end-development-libraries/react/learn-about-self-closing-jsx-tags.md

Another important way in which JSX differs from HTML is in the idea of the self-closing tag.

> In HTML, almost all tags have both an opening and closing tag: `<div></div>`; the closing tag always has a forward slash before the tag name that you are closing. However, there are special instances in HTML called “void element”, or tags that don’t require both an opening and closing tag before another tag can start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In HTML, almost all tags have both an opening and closing tag: `<div></div>`; the closing tag always has a forward slash before the tag name that you are closing. However, there are special instances in HTML called “void elements”, or tags that don’t require both an opening and closing tag before another tag can start.
```

Reviewer 2: This change has not been applied.

> In HTML, almost all tags have both an opening and closing tag: `<div></div>`; the closing tag always has a forward slash before the tag name that you are closing. However, there are special instances in HTML called “void elements”, or tags that don’t require both an opening and closing tag before another tag can start.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In HTML, almost all tags have both an opening and closing tag: `<div></div>`; the closing tag always has a forward slash before the tag name that you are closing. However, there are special instances in HTML called “void elements”, which are elements that cannot have any content and whose syntax doesn't require both an opening and closing tag before another tag can start.
```

> In HTML, almost all tags have both an opening and closing tag: `<div></div>`; the closing tag always has a forward slash before the tag name that you are closing. However, there are special instances in HTML called “void elements”, or tags that don’t require both an opening and closing tag before another tag can start.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In HTML, almost all tags have both an opening and closing tag: `<div></div>`; the closing tag always has a forward slash before the tag name that you are closing. However, there are special instances in HTML called <dfn>void elements</dfn>, or tags that don’t require both an opening and closing tag before another tag can start.
```

Let's make this a proper definition.

> In HTML, almost all tags have both an opening and closing tag: `<div></div>`; the closing tag always has a forward slash before the tag name that you are closing. However, there are special instances in HTML called <dfn>void elements</dfn>, or tags that don’t require both an opening and closing tag before another tag can start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In HTML, almost all tags have both an opening and closing tag: `<div></div>`; the closing tag always has a forward slash before the tag name that you are closing. However, there are special instances in HTML called <dfn>void elements</dfn>, or elements that don’t require both an opening and closing tag before another element can start.
```
